Michael all 10 18 has ins
Wishes concert written
I can not exercise right now because
I do a vacation job then matter
in many federal states
But I have to carry a lot at work
Muscle mass does not lose
absolutely if you had to carry a lot
you have muscular activity when you are muscular
I have a lot of activity then
Assume that you and if you have a lot
carry
mainz then I believe that you
really carry a lot or if you have a lot
I think that you wear a lot
usually wear and then I have the
muscular activity that is one
already very clear and whether and how
you may lose a lot of muscle mass
Of course you have to go through that
control diet if I of course
I have to use more fuel again
more is not logical
More knows where it will be but more
carbohydrates more calories
so ask reinhold I would know
not why the body then muscle mass
if you want to break down permanently or if
So you have to carry things over and over again
I would not worry about that personally
as I said that is dependent on
how long is this vacation?
if he is only two weeks one can
just two weeks that is bullshit yes there
You do not have to do that for a while
does not do that you do not have to do anything longer
to have real muscle breakdown and
second, it is natural for yours
nutrition i have what are you doing for that
to get muscles for a purely vacation job
yes, if you have to wear four then you do
actually a lot and everyone
day for the maintenance of muscle mass all over
clearly , first of all , there is more analysis
completed by someone on
Assembly works when the eight hours
in the or eight and a half hours in the
then works is the montage works
eight and a half hours in training we
had the tape on it with montage
and we had the tie with them
in training and in training he only has
all
Low calories consumed more
that means working in the assembly
if you're wearing a lot here and
then you are muscular
activity and do you have calories
consumed and by and by the time
for the duration of the vacation job it is
of course depending on if and how much
muscle mass muscle mass muscle mass you
but lose I'm assuming none
if you are just with the diet
take care of that to compensate